profile/README.md, before:

<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a2d965a-1d4c-45fe-963b-f9a32f674c00" />

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Mediolano dapp is live on Starknet mainnet for tests. 

Quick links:
- [IP Creator Dapp](https://ip.mediolano.app)
- [IP Creator Docs](https://ip.mediolano.app/docs)
- [Discover Mediolano](https://mediolano.xyz)
- [MIP Mobile for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mip.mediolano.app)
- [Telegram Group](https://t.me/integrityweb)
- [X / Twitter](https://x.com/mediolanoapp)

Governed by a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization), Mediolano champions transparent, decentralized decision-making in alignment with core web3 and cypherpunk principles. Our mission is to foster long-term value and sustainability for the entire ecosystem—from users to partners—by operating in the collective interest of the network.

### Key Features

- **Programmable IP**: Transform creative works (images, music, videos, AI models, research papers) into programmable digital assets that can be managed, tracked, and monetized.

-**Mediolano Protocol**: Programmable IP foundation of the Integrity Web. A high-performance, modular infrastructure for programmable intellectual property onchain.

- **Remix & Derivatives**: Enable creative remixing of intellectual property while maintaining clear lineage and attribution through smart contracts.

- **Proof of Ownership**: Generate blockchain-verified certificates of authorship and ownership, providing a cryptographically secure claim to your IP.

- **Provenance & Lineage**: Access an immutable history of every asset, tracking its creation, ownership changes, and derivative relationships with full transparency.

- **Asset Transfer**: Securely transfer ownership of IP assets peer-to-peer on the Starknet network with instant finality.

- **High-Speed & Low-Cost**: Leverage Starknet's ZK-rollup technology for unparalleled speed and negligible fees.

- **Gas Fee Abstraction**: Integrated AVNU Paymaster to provide a seamless user experience by abstracting gas costs. (Experimental)

## IP Creator Dapp Architecture

The IP Creator Dapp is built as permissionless, decentralized application leveraging the full power of Starknet and web3 to provide trully ownership.

## Roadmap

- [x] Starknet Ignition **24.9**
- [x] MIP Protocol @ Starknet Sepolia **24.11**
- [x] Mediolano Dapp @ Starknet Sepolia **24.11**
- [x] Programmable IP Contracts **25.02**
- [x] MIP Dapp @ Starknet Sepolia **25.06**
- [X] MIP Protocol @ Starknet Mainnet **25.07**
- [X] MIP Collections Protocol @ Starknet Sepolia **25.07**
- [X] MIP Dapp @ Starknet Mainnet **25.08**
- [X] MIP Collections Protocol @ Starknet Mainnet **25.08**
- [X] MIP Mobile @ Android Google Play **25.09**
- [X] MIP Mobile @ iPhone iOS App Store **25.12**
- [X] Mediolano Collections Protocol @ Starknet Mainnet **25.12**
- [X] Mediolano Dapp @ Starknet Mainnet **26.01**


## Contributing

We are building Programmable IP for Integrity Web = open-source!

We also have a Telegram group: https://t.me/integrityweb

Ccontributions are **greatly appreciated**. If you have a feature or suggestion that would our plattform better, please fork the desired repo and create a pull request with the tag "enhancement".

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/Feature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some Feature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/YourFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

Commit message:

Update README with Mediolano service details
Expanded the README to include detailed information about Mediolano's services, tokenization of intellectual property, and its benefits. Removed the section on IP Creator Dapp architecture.

profile/README.md, after:

<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a2d965a-1d4c-45fe-963b-f9a32f674c00" />

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Mediolano dapp is live on Starknet mainnet for tests.

## Programmable IP for the Integrity Web

Mediolano provides seamless tokenization services for intellectual property, leveraging Starknet’s unparalleled high-speed, low-cost, and smart contract intelligence for digital assets to empower creators, collectors, and organizations to protect and monetize their IP assets effectively.

Registering intellectual property on Mediolano means your asset is automatically tokenized and protected in 181 countries, according to The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, adopted in 1886. Mediolano assets generate Proof of Ownership to guarantee recognition of the authorship of IP without the need for registration with the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).

Mediolano offers permissionless services with ZERO FEES for Programmable IP, such as artwork, videos, music, literary works, AI models, software, and other works of authorship. The copyright is immutable time stamped on Starknet public blockchain, and settled on Ethereum, providing Proof of Ownership valid for 50-70 years, in accord with the legal jurisdiction. Tokenizing intellectual property with smart contracts opens the door to countless opportunities, from integrations with communities and games to monetization with AI Agents.

Mediolano aims to serve as the intellectual property provider for the integrity web, a public good to empower programmable IP to anyone. By integrating standards, innovative technology and decentralization, Mediolano ensures interoperability, security and sovereignty. Our platform is tailored for the tokenization and management of intellectual property. Feel free to reach out!

Quick links:
- [IP Creator Dapp](https://ip.mediolano.app)
- [IP Creator Docs](https://ip.mediolano.app/docs)
- [Discover Mediolano](https://mediolano.xyz)
- [MIP Mobile for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mip.mediolano.app)
- [Telegram Group](https://t.me/integrityweb)
- [X / Twitter](https://x.com/mediolanoapp)

Governed by a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization), Mediolano champions transparent, decentralized decision-making in alignment with core web3 and cypherpunk principles. Our mission is to foster long-term value and sustainability for the entire ecosystem—from users to partners—by operating in the collective interest of the network.

### Key Features

- **Programmable IP**: Transform creative works (images, music, videos, AI models, research papers) into programmable digital assets that can be managed, tracked, and monetized.

-**Mediolano Protocol**: Programmable IP foundation of the Integrity Web. A high-performance, modular infrastructure for programmable intellectual property onchain.

- **Remix & Derivatives**: Enable creative remixing of intellectual property while maintaining clear lineage and attribution through smart contracts.

- **Proof of Ownership**: Generate blockchain-verified certificates of authorship and ownership, providing a cryptographically secure claim to your IP.

- **Provenance & Lineage**: Access an immutable history of every asset, tracking its creation, ownership changes, and derivative relationships with full transparency.

- **Asset Transfer**: Securely transfer ownership of IP assets peer-to-peer on the Starknet network with instant finality.

- **High-Speed & Low-Cost**: Leverage Starknet's ZK-rollup technology for unparalleled speed and negligible fees.

- **Gas Fee Abstraction**: Integrated AVNU Paymaster to provide a seamless user experience by abstracting gas costs. (Experimental)

## Roadmap

- [x] Starknet Ignition **24.9**
- [x] MIP Protocol @ Starknet Sepolia **24.11**
- [x] Mediolano Dapp @ Starknet Sepolia **24.11**
- [x] Programmable IP Contracts **25.02**
- [x] MIP Dapp @ Starknet Sepolia **25.06**
- [X] MIP Protocol @ Starknet Mainnet **25.07**
- [X] MIP Collections Protocol @ Starknet Sepolia **25.07**
- [X] MIP Dapp @ Starknet Mainnet **25.08**
- [X] MIP Collections Protocol @ Starknet Mainnet **25.08**
- [X] MIP Mobile @ Android Google Play **25.09**
- [X] MIP Mobile @ iPhone iOS App Store **25.12**
- [X] Mediolano Collections Protocol @ Starknet Mainnet **25.12**
- [X] Mediolano Dapp @ Starknet Mainnet **26.01**


## Contributing

We are building Programmable IP for Integrity Web = open-source!

We also have a Telegram group: https://t.me/integrityweb

Ccontributions are **greatly appreciated**. If you have a feature or suggestion that would our plattform better, please fork the desired repo and create a pull request with the tag "enhancement".

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/Feature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some Feature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/YourFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request
